# Enhancement-of-decision-tree-for-Software-Cost-Estimation-Batch-06
# Major Project 
# final project
# B.Tech
# CSE
# SCE
# Effort estimation of the software is one of the biggest problems faced by software industry. It includes planning, supervising projects, analysing viability of the system development, preparing proposals and proposals presentation to clients and among this estimation of the effort for planning is one of the most critical responsibilities. It is necessary to have good effort estimation in order to conduct well budget. The accuracy of the effort estimation of software projects is vital for the competitiveness of software companies. For the forecasting of software effort, it is important to select the correct software effort estimation techniques. Numbers of have been proposed like algorithm, non-algorithm, Machine Learning algorithms and so on. Generally, Decision Trees have drawn the attention of the researchers and changed the direction of Effort Estimation towards computational intelligence.in this project we are using decision tree concept which is a simple yet powerful approach and it can be taken as the base for Random Forest, which is known as a group of decision trees. Decision Trees facing data over fitting problem. To overcome this problem enhancement of Decision Tree with ensemble method proposed in this project and also for evaluate performance of this proposed method using COCOMO 81 dataset and to evaluation metrics like Mean Square Error (MSE) and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE). Comparative study shows that proposed technique, achieves better results than previous techniques. 
